we started to see the match prayer and you
I say I liked the guys
but I think I have a good friend in
first account was the first match
there was much expectation our new
people
because only by training today
five known players we know
some of us are going to say they play here
they are disciples who are good at
they could well for a little less now not
just on top of the piles
alan ruiz and what all that the
threat and you have what I have going
simply by taking it
the reality is that it usually happens when
a youth coach adds so much
talent in everything together
It often happens that they do not all work
basic above all this principle
but it is also true that you have to give it
some minutes some parties either
so a song
but the message they gave was
hurried
when I say that what feeds it
good of the message that they gave a day
they showed none
aptitude not to associate any field
for four be two in each as
could he handed the ball to his partner
demanded when it no longer corresponded
a good preview of the castle forward
with that header
and it clearly shows that the boys do not
they were able to develop their game and their
ideas and they were not rather cloudy with
eager to show sometimes anxiety
for showing you can play against
young guys was one of the things that
More did this is that when fuck
hands a different feeling the caravan 11
to 9 I say that yes national good is
because something strange happens and some of them
there is this merit
imagine opened in 40 43 minutes
if it is not the same second time at 25
minutes and second time the second is
play 20 minutes playable cost of
difference did not open
thanks very few very few havana
the vine already mentioned
but to try suddenly in force on him
is that that is a right hand drive
couple has used it in the championship
many times
maybe I should have played one until
we started to give individual questions
when in reality when they fail so much
of accessibility is because it is
close
actually go to the team because it's missing
more individualities because that's not the way
it's too obvious that they are boys
who are skillful
these are skillful boys but not
they play well if not
because not everyone better on your team
they are protected by other players who
they will facilitate racing play the primers
and this they play well they surprise a
little to the colors because they are good
sustained by their peers and not
they have to be the ones
protagonists of the partners are the
that the plays finish
both centurion and open and good and
that he was uncomfortable centurion as he was
they watched the game you want prayer that
you would have to continue on the same path or
would have to be seen when changing the group
is played was the 2 to 0 of chile
in the end
this disappointing this I the truth that
I do not know now, we should leave them
pibes this is a game of one chance
but of course we are well and in one of
those shows videos of when you're
person but canaries then what
they asked confused with that can be
good is a strong wake-up call
toward
49 years that Argentina did not start
losing a youthful South American
cristian equal in 64
according to terrible
and also already say it like that
They hope to prevent the short good good
two attempts I exaggerate
had enough for that now that in
Argentina there is not much more to say the
scale that the son deservedly deserved
the doubt is
putting together and adding good players
last you can play well
sometimes they are good individualists and not
Digits players lacked order to the
team
for sports in different places and
all demolitions
you have to give those guys rivers
at school when you do what you have
kneed corn too to tell me
boy did not play well but play well
of playing with the companion of
training
because they are players who have
terms